Add `Writing Appfile` based on capability references docs (#901)
oam-dev/kubevela: docs/en/developers/writing-appfile.md

![](../../resources/vela_show_autoscale.jpg)

Add a new field `services.backend.autoscale` to set its properties. By checking section `Perperties`, we get to know we can set
`min` to `1` and `max` to `8`. We should also add `service.backend.autoscale.cron` field to set `startAt` to `19:00`, 
`duration` to `2h`, `days` to `Friday`, and `timezone` to your expected timezone, like `America/Los_Angeles`.

Now let's finish the Appfile.

```yaml
name: helloworld

services:
  backend:
    image: oamdev/testapp:v1
    cmd: ["node", "server.js"]
    port: 8080
    cpu: "0.1"

    autoscale:
      min: 1
      max: 8
      cron:
        startAt:  "19:00"
        duration: "2h"
        days:     "Friday"
        replicas: 4
        timezone: "America/Los_Angeles"
```

## Look up the reference doc in a [kubevela.io](https://kubevela.io/#/en/developers/references/)

> Platform team extended Workload type or Trait currently could not display in KubeVela official site. 

If you just want to look up KubeVela built-in Workload types and Traits, directly visiting the official site [https://kubevela.io/#/en/developers/references/](./references/README.md)

> is also recommended.

Reviewer: 这个要么放在最前面，要么放在最后面。中间不太好。

Author: Okay.

## Show up the properties reference on the Cli console

> If you prefer to show the properties reference on the Cli console, just add flag `--no-website` to command `vela show`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can't invoke a browser and just want to see the properties reference on the terminal console, just add flag `--no-website` to command `vela show`.
```

    cmd: ["node", "server.js"]
    port: 8080
    cpu: "0.1"
    
```

- Set Trait's properties

Trait `autoscale` can automatically scale a service. Let load its reference doc by `vela show autoscale`.

![](../../resources/vela_show_autoscale.jpg)

Add a new field `services.backend.autoscale` to set its properties. By checking section `Perperties`, we get to know we can set
`min` to `1` and `max` to `8`. We should also add `service.backend.autoscale.cron` field to set `startAt` to `19:00`, 
`duration` to `2h`, `days` to `Friday`, and `timezone` to your expected timezone, like `America/Los_Angeles`.

Now let's finish the Appfile.

```yaml
name: helloworld

services:
  backend:
    image: oamdev/testapp:v1
    cmd: ["node", "server.js"]
    port: 8080
    cpu: "0.1"

    autoscale:
      min: 1
      max: 8
      cron:
        startAt:  "19:00"
        duration: "2h"
        days:     "Friday"
        replicas: 4
        timezone: "America/Los_Angeles"
```

## Show up the properties reference on the Cli console

If you can't invoke a browser and just want to see the properties reference on the terminal console, just add flag `--no-website` to command `vela show`.

```shell

> $ vela show webservice --no-website

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ vela show webservice --terminal
```
